mkimage:
TODO: Move mkimage-yaml.sh functionality to live with release building code.
TODO: Create mkimage plugin.
DONE: Move kernels/flavors to their own plugin.
WIP: (Mostly done) Split apk handling out to single plugin.
WIP: Move sections/build system to separate plugin.
WIP: (Partially done) Refactor minirootfs imagetype out to profile and appropriate generalized support.

core:
TODO: Add hostname helpsers.
TODO: Move actual final image generation logic from build_profile to the imagetypes plugin.
TODO: plugin_apks - Add configuration for source location of host keys.

archs:
TODO: archs - Flesh out and add missing.

profiles:
TODO: profile_rpi - Make profile options configurable!
TODO: profile_base - Most base type definitions probably need to be moved to a hardware config and out of the main profiles.
WIP: Clean up base profile to the absolute minimum.

features:
TODO: feature_iscsi - Finish rootfs-on-iscsi support
TODO: feature_incron - Handle multiple system incrontabs and user incrontabs.
TODO: Set up user management tool.
TODO: Setup rootfs support for nfs/cifs/iscsi/etc.

bootloaders:
TODO: syslinux_cfg - Allow configuration of default menu option.
TODO: syslinux - Add ability to configure bootloader modules.
TODO: syslinux - Add pxelinux support.

overlays:
TODO: plugin_overlay - Split overlay tools into their own file.
TODO: overlays - Move conf_file_add_or_replace functionality to more general util.
TODO: overlay_base - Split into appropriate common overlays.

kernels:
TODO: update_kernel - Custom kernel builds not yet implemented -- need to chase config options to enable properly.
TODO: build_kernel - Add logic to discover packages needed from mkinitfs.
TODO: update_kernel -  Modify build_kernel_stage_modloop to allow selecting which modules are installed in generated modloop!
TODO: update_kernel - Replace call to 'mkinitfs' wrapper with direct call to main function of integrated mkinitfs.
TODO: update_kernel - Handle differnt output directories (rpi?) for various bits when needed during install phase.
TODO: update_kernel - Review "media" logic and implement needed functionality for install phase.

Documentation:
	alpine:
		releases:

	mkimage:
		arch:

	plugins:
		TODO: mkimage: Encapsulate basic logic (and usage) for mkimage in plugin.
		WIP: archs: Manage arch-specific configurations and help build them.
		apks: Manage apk tools, configuration, fetching, and repository generation.
		WIP: builder / sections: Basic logic allowing buiding and merging of multipe sections.
		profiles: Completely configuraable yet surprisingly simple configuration system.
		features: Functionality based features to make profiles much cleaner and more powerful.
		overlays: Build overlay file systems, optionally inclding nonce data and custom configurations.
		bootloaders: Support various bootloaders and their config files.
		kernels: Support various kernel versions / flavors and associated modules in the same image. Includes required update-kernel functionality.
		initfs: Support building initramfs, incorporates mkinitfs functionality.
		imagetypes: Support for various final image types including iso, tar.gz.

	build system:
		sections:

	utilities:
		basic: setvar / getvar
		list: General purpose list handling tools.
		info: Colorful (optionally) msg/warning/error functions.
		search: Grep tools
		plugin loader: Modular plugin loading utility.
		fkrt: Fakeroot implementaion which can be used inline in scripts.
		TODO: crypto:
		TODO: config: Generate additional usage text from plugins.
	
